# Welcome to my GitHub!
### This repository is meant to serve as the temporary landing page for all my current Unreal Engine projects.  I plan to add all the current and past projects I have worked on in my personal time as a showcase of my abilities.
As of today's date **29 July 2026**, the projects I am proud to present to the world are as follows: 
> **[Footballer Project](https://github.com/graeme-usman/UnrealEngine_Projects/tree/main/Footballer)**: This was a project that I was provided as a part of a Game Programming course that was meant to help teach basic kinematics and how they could be implemented in a gameplay setting. I extended and modified this project utilizing Blueprints to add a "high-replayability" gameplay loop via a hold-release mechanic. This project was made completely in Unreal Engine's Blueprint visual scripting language as a way to showcase my proficiency within that medium, as well as my abilities to understand and iterate on a project without my knowledge on its initial construction.

> **["Strength Puzzle" Project](https://github.com/graeme-usman/UnrealEngine_Projects/tree/main/PhysicsPuzzle)**: Originally titled PhysicsPuzzle because I wasn't sure the direction I wanted to go with it when I started it, but I settled on it being based on the minigame from the Pokemon series; For the unfamiliar, these puzzles are configurations of boulders or other heavy objects that you must push with a Pokemon that knows the hidden move Strength in order to clear the path, hence the name I internally refer to this project as "Strength Puzzle" Project! Being played within the constraints of a 2-D tiled world (i.e Up-Down-Left-Right movement), you are only able to move the objects one at a time. The objects are only able to move into an unoccupied tile, as well as being pushed from the opposite side. This project highlights my ability to develop in C++ as well as replicate both mechanics and "game feel", being developed completely in C++ from scratch by myself. 
